Hey, I don't eat ingots
Grandpa hahaha ingot
I came to see my eldest grandson
Haha, Auntie takes ingots to play
Yuanbao goes out to play with Auntie first
You are not welcome here
I have six children.
The ugliest person is you
Pregnant out of wedlock
The child's father doesn't know who it is
The whole summer watches our Jin family's jokes
I still dote on you
Give you the best life
Give you and your children the best house in our family
What more do you want?
So, so you'll just give me money, right?
If you hadn't been outside with colorful flags fluttering
Every day you bring back a different woman
Will I run outside every day?
Will I meet different men?
Even so
You can't get revenge on me in this way either
You can't just find a man to have a baby
How much pressure did I have to bring it back to you?
So far you haven't told me who this man is
What's the use of not telling you
Now the ingot is so big
What's more, didn't I inherit you?
What are you pretending to be now?
I'll kill you.